There's a sad truth going around that trains travel strictly on tracks and that's for damn sure. I don't know if that means anything to you or if that nonsense is just nonsense, you know, in one ear and out the other sayonara and so forth. Trains traveling strictly on tracks speaks to some sad, sad, sad state of the human condition that our ancestors got themselves into one afternoon and we're still mired, yet to wrench ourselves out of the muck. The best stories start with pseudo-sagely musings and this will be no exception. I'm a good friend to all things faux.

It's a damn shame that you don't exist because I'm in desperate want of some company. As long as no one's looking (let's face it they never are am I right eh?) and you don't mind (let's face it you never do am I right eh?) why don't we split an illusion you and I that you really do exist that you're a flesh blood corporeal honest-to-goodness extant entity. My goodness you look . . . ravishing. Take a seat why don't you.

Oh I'm sorry I must have left my manners on the train my name is it's a pleasure to meet you no no don't bother with your name I'm absolute garbage with names I'll just forget it you understand you understand. Could I interest you in a drink or uh something of that nature? There should still be some bottles around here somewhere from that little shindig I had last night . . . Vodka what's your policy on vodka? There's some Ketel One here . . . Smirnoff . . . Tell you what, I'll just put these on the counter in case you change your mind, OK? OK. . . . There's this film *Psycho* directed by Alfred Hitchcock maybe you've seen it. Personally I've never seen it but I've read a few articles written about and I've heard th--Excuse me, I think you're knocking at the door.

Minutes passed in multiples between the squeaking of the scooting of the standing up from the table and sliding back the stained naugahyde stool and striding . . .(hands hesitating poised just above the cold and lifeless knob) . . . and the squeal of brass hinges and the footfalls of the guest trailing behind herself sleet and thunder from the outside. She gingerly removed her coat, hung it on a metal prong jutting out of the wall to the right of the door. She knelt down and set her mud-caked galoshes underneath, rose to meet a hand extended outward idiomatic of a man whose manners were taking the Red Line to Union Station. "Take a seat why don't you." They took two--one each.

* * *

a
